Fix introduction of statements and expressions (#251)
CodeYourFuture/curriculum: content/js1/blocks/scripts/index.md

We use the `node` command to run a JavaScript file in the terminal. A JavaScript file ends with `.js` - this is the "file extension".

Let’s suppose we have a file `age.js`. We run the command `node age.js`. This terminal command is an instruction to execute the program written inside `age.js`. Our program has five lines.
So the computer will read and execute the program one line at a time:

```js
const yearOfBirth = 1990; // declaration
const currentYear = 2023; // declaration

currentYear++; // statement
`I am ${currentYear - yearOfBirth} years old`; // statement
```

{{<note title="Activity" type="activity">}}

### Check you can run a file with Node:

1. In your terminal, create a new file called `example.js`.
2. Try writing a few lines in the file.
3. Get Node to run this file. (Don't use the REPL now - you should run a command to execute the whole file.)

{{</note>}}

> Once the computer executes these statements, the execution of the program is complete. But we’re left with a problem. With the REPL, the user inputs an expression statement or declaration. Then the computer reads and executes the line and then immediately prints feedback to the terminal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the computer executes these statements, the execution of the program is complete. But we’re left with a problem. With the REPL, the user inputs an expression statement or declaration; the computer reads and executes the line and _immediately_ prints feedback to the terminal. With a file, the computer will execute each line sequentially until completion _without_ printing the values of each expression it evaluates.
```

> But with a file, the computer will execute each line sequentially until completion _without_ printing the values of each expression it evaluates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
